README.md, before:

# RESTful-LLaMa-3-8B-app

A simple RESTful service for the Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct language model.

## Pre-requisites

1. A CUDA enabled GPU machine with at least 24 GB of RAM
2. Access to [LLaMa-3 weights](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct) from Huggingface 

## Getting Started

1. Install Docker on the machine https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/
2. Check CUDA and NVIDIA Driver versions (Important for the base Docker image)
   1. Run this on your terminal to check the CUDA version: `nvcc --version`
   2. Run this on your terminal to check the driver version: `nvidia-smi`
3. Install NVIDIA Container Tool Kit https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html

## Installation

1. Clone this repo to your GPU machine.
2. Adapt the base cuda image in the `Dockerfile` based on the installation on your own machine.
3. Clone the [LLaMa-3 weights](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B-Instruct) from Huggingface into `/your/path/to/data/models/` if you want to store the weights locally. Your HF token with write permissions is needed in this step.
4. (Optional) Change the number of workers in `start_app.sh` if you want to enable multiple workers to handle simultaneous requests. Keep in mind that each worker loads the model into their own memory, so, one needs approximately 20GB * number of workers of GPU RAM available.
5. In the `app/` folder, run `docker build -t restful-llama-3 .` to build the Docker image.

## How to start

Run the following command to start the Docker container. Configure the run options as desired. It takes a couple of minutes for the container to start and load the model. 

`docker run --gpus all -d -it -p 5000:5000 -v /your/path/to/data:/restful-llama-3/data -e GRANT_SUDO=yes --user root --restart always --name restful-llama-3 restful-llama-3`


## How to use

If the container runs with no problems, you should see a welcome message generated by the model on http://localhost:5000/home.

For interacting with the model, you need to send POST requests to http://localhost:5000/chat.

Here is an example with curl: 

`curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/chat -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"messages":[{"role":"system","content":"You are a helpful assistant called Llama-3. Write out your answer short and succinct!"}, {"role":"user", "content":"What is the capital of Germany?"}], "temperature": 0.6, "top_p":0.75, "max_new_tokens":256}'`

Another simplified example: 

`curl -X POST http://localhost:5000/chat -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"messages":[{"role":"user", "content":"Write a short essay about Istanbul."}]}'`

Commit message:

configure hf upgrades and logging

README.md, after:

---
title: restful-Llama-3.1
emoji: 📈
colorFrom: purple
colorTo: yellow
sdk: docker
pinned: false
license: mit
---

# RESTful-LLaMa-3.1-8B-app

A simple RESTful service for the Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct language model.

## Pre-requisites

1. A CUDA enabled GPU machine with at least 24 GB of RAM
2. Access to [LLaMa-3.1 weights](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct) from Huggingface 

## Getting Started

1. Install Docker on the machine https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/
2. Check CUDA and NVIDIA Driver versions (Important for the base Docker image)
   1. Run this on your terminal to check the CUDA version: `nvcc --version`
   2. Run this on your terminal to check the driver version: `nvidia-smi`
3. Install NVIDIA Container Tool Kit https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html

## Installation

1. Clone this repo to your GPU machine.
2. Adapt the base cuda image in the `Dockerfile` based on the installation on your own machine.
3. Clone the [LLaMa-3.1 weights](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct) from Huggingface into `/your/path/to/data/models/` if you want to store the weights locally. Your HF token with write permissions is needed in this step.
4. (Optional) Change the number of workers in `start_app.sh` if you want to enable multiple workers to handle simultaneous requests. Keep in mind that each worker loads the model into their own memory, so, one needs approximately 20GB * number of workers of GPU RAM available.
5. In the `app/` folder, run `docker build -t restful-llama-3.1 .` to build the Docker image.

## How to use

If the container runs with no problems, you should see a welcome message generated by the model on https://huggingface/embedded/home.

For interacting with the model, you need to send POST requests to https://huggingface/embedded/chat.

Here is an example with curl: 

`curl -X POST https://huggingface/embedded/chat -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"messages":[{"role":"system","content":"You are a helpful assistant called Llama-3. Write out your answer short and succinct!"}, {"role":"user", "content":"What is the capital of Germany?"}], "temperature": 0.6, "top_p":0.75, "max_new_tokens":256}'`

Another simplified example: 

`curl -X POST https://huggingface/embedded/chat -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"messages":[{"role":"user", "content":"Write a short essay about Istanbul."}]}'`
